Week 1
This week I used AI on a few of my assignments. I used ChatGPT to help me design supply and demand curves for my economics class. The visual aids are helpful in determining how the graph might change if there are non-price determinants or if there is positive or negative influence to a change in a product. Otherwise, since classes are just kicking off, I haven't used AI too much. I haven't had any code to debug, I have not had any long reading assignments I needed summarized or briefly explained. 

Week 2
This week I have used AI to explore topics for group projects. I am taking INST327, 311, and 335 on top of this class. For my INST311 class we are doing an app project so I used ChatGPt to generate ideas of apps that involve music and wellness. I have also used gemini for looking up basic information on google. I used it last night to see if I could crossover play Minecraft with the bedrock edition. I found out unfortunitely I cannot. 


Week 3
This week I used Copilot to give me examples of a few questions on the lab. Some concepts such as using return statements or using loops within functions I needed a refresh on. Outside of this class I had ChatGPT instruct me on drawing a step graph for "Willing to Sell" in my economics class. 

Week 4
This week I used ChatGPT to help me debug question 13 on the week 4 assignment. One of the assertions was not running correctly and I could not initilly figure out what was wrong with my code. I went through spelling errors, reread the problem to make sure I was adding the right attributes, etc. When I still could not figure it out I asked ChatGPt. Unfortunetly it still did not help and I don't understand what is wrong. 

Week 5
I used AI starting with google Gemini to explain what bad/expired olive oil looks like. I made homemade olive oil with pepper flakes and few other seasonings and it was sittingin my kitchen for a month unused. I was going to use it but since there was no expiration date on the bottle I couldn't tell if it was still good. Gemini told me to look for a crayony smell and mold floating in the bottle, neither of which I saw. I also used ChatGPT and Copilot on the discussion post for this week as I used a snippet from the PlantingContainer class and asked both platforms to provide feedback and correct errors on it. 

Week 6
This week I needed to use ChatGPT for an SQL assignment to test whether or not ChatGPT could correctly create a table and the write the code for the table based off the information I told it. It was able to create the table but used a different syntax for linking the tabls than what I was taight in lecture. Otherwise I used ChatGpt to check my code for a few of the exercises on the week 6 homework.  